feat: enable text-mode in read-only mode (#312)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/tiny-crews-tell.md

---
'@finos/legend-studio': patch
---

> Allow users to toggle hackermode/text-mode while in viewer mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow users to use text-mode while viewing project in read-only mode.
```
